enhancement/docs-updates (#341)
VerifiedInc/VerifiedInc.github.io: versioned_docs/version-2.1/1-click-signup/guides/api-integration.mdx

#### Birth Date

> **Mask the last 4 digits (server side),** so the client only displays the first 4 digits. We recommend using the • character to mask and the most common US format MM/DD/YYYY, so that (for example) 1989-08-01 is displayed as 08/01/••••.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mask the year digits (server side),** so the client only displays the month and day digits. We recommend using the • character to mask and the most common US format MM/DD/YYYY, so that (for example) 1989-08-01 is displayed as 08/01/••••.
```

Reviewer: This makes it unambiguous what "first" and "last" refer to, since that's different for the YYYY-MM-DD format we return birth dates in vs. the MM/DD/YYYY format we recommend displaying them in.
